An example REST api in Java

SOLVING THE TEST TASK WITH SPRING

Matthias Pfeifer | My application at EBF | 16.01.2022 

Requirement Specification

DEFINITION

We're building an employee storage service for companies.
A company admin needs to be able to:
•	create employee records for company,
•	view them in a list and detail view for company,
•	update the employee records and delete them for company,
•	find the average salary for the company
Your task is to build the backend for this service.
It should be a rest API that exposes the required endpoints.
The company data can either be autogenerated or configurable or dynamically created. (Up to you)
Nice to have 1: Build a frontend for the rest api
Nice to have 2: Use jvm based technologies

DATA DEFINITION
•	Employee model
o	Name
o	Surname
o	email
o	address
o	salary
o	company id
•	Company model
o	Name

DELIVERY
A publicly available git repository with a README.md that explains how to compile, build and start the project.

Solution Overview
The requirements are provided by a sample application (called „the solution“) that is built using Maven 3.8.1. The solution is designed with an 3-tier architecture:
Tier	Software	Notes
Frontend		
Middleware	Spring-boot-starter	REST based
Backend		Sample data is read once, when the solution starts up. It is kept in memory during runtime and can be changed by api calles.
Model Data is provided by Java POJO’s and is serialized into JSON format when transfered to/from the middleware. Mappings are performed by Spring.
Middleware-tests are performed non-interactively using karate-apache.

Effort estimate
Tier	Effort Estimate
Frontend	3 hours
Middleware	3 hours
Backend	2 hours
Total:	8 hours

Uncategorized efforts includes „upload to a public git repository and providing a readme.md“. This is included in the total effort estimate.

Frequently asked questions

Which build tool is used?
The test application is build using Apache Maven. Maven is provided by maven wrapper. The wrapper was installed via this command
> mvnw -N io.takari:maven:wrapper -Dmaven='3.8.4'
The maven wrapper is using maven version 3.8.4.
How do I compile the application?
The application is making use of Spring Boot Maven Plugin. A test container running the application can be started using 
> ./mvnw package

How do I test the application?
The application is tested interactively with the postman api platform (https://www.postman.com). There is a collection of test requests provided in the file ebf test.postman_collection.json. The requests may not be run in arbitrary order. A sample testrun looks like this:
1. Post Jedi Empire
2. Get Companies
3. Get employees
4. Get 1st company average salary (-> should be 300.000)
5. Get 2nd company average salary (-> should be 0.0)
6. Post Darth Sidious
7. Post Kylo Ren
8. Post Obi Wan Kenobi
9. Get 2nd company average salary (-> should be 500.000)

How do I run the application?
The application is making use of Spring Boot Maven Plugin. A test container running the application can be started using 
> ./mvnw spring-boot:run
Which Version Control System is used?
The test application is using version control via git. Git is provided by intellij.

Is there a public git repository for the souce-code?
Yes, the sourcode is publically accessible via this url: https://github.com/mpfeifer/Spring101

